Bluetooth: Host: Add LE Power Control Request Procedure APIs (#13136)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth® LE
-------------

* Added host extensions for Nordic-only vendor-specific command APIs.

>   Implementation and integration of the host APIs can be found in the :file:`host_extensions.h` header and :file:`host_extensions.c` source code file.

Reviewer: Do users need to know which source file this is implemented in? Maybe just have a link to the generated docs for the header file?

Bluetooth® LE
-------------

* Added host extensions for Nordic-only vendor-specific command APIs.

>   Implementation and integration of the nordic-specific vendor-specific host API's can
>   be found in the :file:`host_extensions.h` header and :file:`host_extensions.c` sourcecode file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Implementation and integration of the host APIs can be found in the :file:`host_extensions.h` header and :file:`host_extensions.c` source code file.
```
